Inform users about login status (#5156)
rotki/rotki: docs/websockets.rst

- ``location``: An approximate location name for where in the balance snapshot the error happened.
- ``error``: A string with details of the error

Login status
=========================

The messages sent by rotki when a user is logging in and a db upgrade is happening. The format is the following.

::

    {

>         "start_db_version": 26,

Reviewer: you need to update the docs here

>         "initial_db_version": 26,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "start_db_version": 26,
```

        "current_db_version": 30,
        "target_db_version": 35
    }

> - ``initial_db_version``: Db version that user's database had before any upgrades had begun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``start_db_version``: DB version that user's database had before any upgrades began. This is the version of the DB when rotki first starts.
```

> - ``current_db_version``: Current db version. Is always greater or equal to `initial_db_version` and less than `target_db_version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``current_db_version``: Current version of the database as of this websocket message. Is always greater or equal to `start_db_version` and less than `target_db_version`.
```

> - ``target_db_version``: The target db version by reaching which db upgrades will finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``target_db_version``: The target version of the DB. When this is reached, the upgrade process will have finished.
```
